---
title: Rocky Open Source Contributor Agreement
---

This Open Source Contributor Agreement ("Agreement") is between you (as defined
below) and Rocky Enterprise Software Foundation ("we" or "us"). This Agreement
applies to all Contributions (as defined below) submitted by you to a project
owned or managed by us (each, a "Project"). By clicking submit on our
applicable Project portal, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Your assent to this Agreement is a prerequisite to contributing to
any Project.

1. Definitions. The terms "you" (or "your") shall mean the copyright owner or
the individual or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is
granting the licenses under this Agreement. For legal entities, the term "you"
includes any entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control,
are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. "Contribution"
means any work of authorship, including any software (in object code or source
code), image, audiovisual work, or documentation, and any modifications or
additions to an existing work, submitted by you in connection with any product
or other item developed managed or maintained by a Project (collectively, such
software and other items, "Work").  The term "submitted" means any act of
sent to a Project or its representatives, including communication on electronic
mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are
managed by or on behalf of a Project.  uploading, submitting or distribution 

2. IP License. You hereby grant to the Rocky Enterprise Software Foundation
(RESF) and those who receive or contribute software or other materials
distributed or managed by a Project, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
royalty-free, irrevocable license under any applicable intellectual property
rights in the Contributions, to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute the Contributions and any
derivative works thereof, including as part of the Work or any other
software or materials arising out of or related to the Project to which your
Contribution was submitted.

3. Authority. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the licenses
specified above. If your employer or other entity that you are associated with
has rights to intellectual property that you create which includes your
Contributions, you represent that you have received authorization to make
Contributions and grant the foregoing licenses on behalf of that employer or
entity in accordance with this Agreement.

4. Notification. You will notify us of any facts or circumstances of which you
become aware that would make the foregoing representations inaccurate in any
respect or would call into question the grants of rights hereunder.

5. Miscellaneous. This Agreement is the exclusive agreement between the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof. We may freely assign this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of California.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create an employment or agency
relationship between you and us or any other recipients or contributors of
products or other items distributed or managed by a Project.
